Proposals/2024-03-30_LexDAO 2024 Operating Budget.md, before:

---
Title: LexDAO 2024 Operating Budget
Author: Cimply
Date: 2024-03-30
Description: After receiving a grant from Optimism, the Operating Committee has discussed allocating a portion of the funding to ensure the ongoing above the line costs associated with running the organization.
Tags: 
 - Budget
 - Operations
 - Finance
---

# Introduction
As of March 2024, the stream of Optimism tokens has begun flowing to a LexDAO authorized wallet, controlled by the Operating Committee (OC).  We have been awarded approximately 79000 wrapped Optimism tokens which will be sent via streaming deposits daily for 90 days.  

At the current value of Optimism (~$3.65), the expected USD value of this Grant should amount to about $290K.  This is subject to change based on the market price of Optimism.

To allow for the DAO to operate effectively, the OC has begun the process of allocating money toward the primary needs of the DAO.  Below is our breakdown of costs expected for a 6 month period.  We expect to re-evaluate our budget for the second half in May of 2024 for approval by June 30 2024.



# Budget Proposal
This budget is intended to be retroactive to January of 2024.

| **Item**                               | **6 Month Allocation**   |
|------------------------------------|----------|
| Grants Committee                   | $25,200  |
| Communications Committee           | $39,000  |
| Education (Study Group)            | $3,000   |
| Operating Committee Pay (7)        | $8,400   |
| Operator and Asst. Pay             | $36,000  |
| General Counsel                    | $17,400  |
| Operating Committee Tech Budget    | $1,200   |
| Accounting Fees                    | $600     |
| Miscellaneous Admin Fees           | $6,000   |

| **Total Operating Budget**              | **$136,800** |


## Compensation Proposal Details
### Grants Committee
As part of the ongoing effort to expand our Grants projects and in recognition of the successful Grant efforts to date, the Operating Committee has proposed an appointment of an increased compensation plan for Grants Directors.  We are proposing a pay increase from $500 to $600 per month for all three of the Grant Directors.  We are also recommending the appointment of a "Grant Lead" position which will be compensated at $2400 per month.  Kyle Smith will be appointed Grant Lead and will be paid a total of $3000 per month.

### Communications Committee
In order to further expand the work managed by the Communications Committee, we are proposing an increase in the total operating budget for the team to $6500 per month.  Pay for each Director (2) will amount to $1500 per month and the remainder will be billed hourly for services performed editing and contributing with content for the regular publications managed by the team.

### Education Committee (Study Group)
We are slowly moving toward the formation of a more substantial Education Committee.  As a first step, we are proposing to pay our Study Group Lead $500 per month to continue organizing and running these sessions for the membership.  

### Operating Committee
#### Committee Members
Up to this point, Operating Committee roles have been unpaid.  We believe that in order to encourage active participation and strategic leadership, we should pay a small stipend to compensate OC members for their time.  We are proposing a budget of $200 per Operating Committee member for attending regular strategic discussions and participating on the multisig.  This will be only applicable for 7 of the 9 OC members (not to include the Operator and Assistant Operator).

#### Operator Compensation
The Operator holds the highest level of accountability for the DAO and is entrusted with many of the administrative responsibilities on behalf of LexDAO.  As a result we are proposing a raise in monthly pay to $4000 to help compensate for the time and energy that goes into the day to day management of the organization.

#### Assistant Operator
We are proposing a pay increase for the Assistant Operator to $2000 per month for ongoing work supporting the Operator.

#### General Counsel
There is a growing need for dedicated legal support to manage risk mitigation and contractual structures for the DAO both internally and externally.  While we have not yet formalized the role, we are allocating a budget of $2900 per month for the potential filling of a General Counsel position.  The structure of this role will be presented to the DAO at a later date.

### Operating Committee Tech Budget
This is a miscelaneous budget allocated to the OC to use for the purposes of technology and systems needed to maintain the DAO infrastructure.  This includes the website servers, Google Drive, domains, and any other technology critical to ensuring we have a platform and presence digitally.  The proposal is $200 per month.

### Accounting Fees
The DAO needs to file taxes and requires professional services to support its fiduciary responsibilities.  We are proposing a budget of $600 to pay for the necessary filings.

### Miscellaneous Administrative Costs
To ensure that we can make regular decisions related to immediate needs of the DAO without managing a member vote, the Operating Committee is proposing a standing miscellaneous budget of $6000 (in total).  We are expecting to spend no more than $1000 per month for Administrative expenses.

Commit message:

Edits to the table to assist with formatting

Proposals/2024-03-30_LexDAO 2024 Operating Budget.md, after:

---
Title: LexDAO 2024 Operating Budget
Author: Cimply
Date: 2024-03-30
Description: After receiving a grant from Optimism, the Operating Committee has discussed allocating a portion of the funding to ensure the ongoing above the line costs associated with running the organization.
Tags: 
 - Budget
 - Operations
 - Finance
---

# Introduction
As of March 2024, the stream of Optimism tokens has begun flowing to a LexDAO authorized wallet, controlled by the Operating Committee (OC).  We have been awarded approximately 79000 wrapped Optimism tokens which will be sent via streaming deposits daily for 90 days.  

At the current value of Optimism **(~$3.65)**, the expected USD value of this Grant should amount to about **$290K**.  *This is subject to change based on the market price of Optimism.*  With what we have allocated here there should be a **remaining balance** of approximately **$151,000** which will be managed with separate future proposals.

To allow for the DAO to operate effectively, the OC has put forth a proposal designed to manage the primary needs of the DAO.  Below is our breakdown of costs expected for a 6 month period.  We expect to re-evaluate our budget for 2H 2024 in May of 2024 for approval by June 30 2024.

# Budget Proposal
This budget is intended to be retroactive to January of 2024.

| **Item**                               | **6 Month Allocation**   |
|------------------------------------|----------|
| Grants Committee                   | $25,200  |
| Communications Committee           | $39,000  |
| Education (Study Group)            | $3,000   |
| Operating Committee Pay (7)        | $8,400   |
| Operator and Asst. Pay             | $36,000  |
| General Counsel                    | $17,400  |
| Operating Committee Tech Budget    | $1,200   |
| Accounting Fees                    | $600     |
| Miscellaneous Admin Fees           | $6,000   |
| **Total Operating Budget**              | **$136,800** |


## Compensation Proposal Details
### Grants Committee
As part of the ongoing effort to expand our Grants projects and in recognition of the successful Grant efforts to date, the Operating Committee has proposed an appointment of an increased compensation plan for Grants Directors.  We are proposing a pay increase from $500 to $600 per month for all three of the Grant Directors.  We are also recommending the appointment of a "Grant Lead" position which will be compensated at $2400 per month.  Kyle Smith will be appointed Grant Lead and will be paid a total of $3000 per month.

### Communications Committee
In order to further expand the work managed by the Communications Committee, we are proposing an increase in the total operating budget for the team to $6500 per month.  Pay for each Director (2) will amount to $1500 per month and the remainder will be billed hourly for services performed editing and contributing with content for the regular publications managed by the team.

### Education Committee (Study Group)
We are slowly moving toward the formation of a more substantial Education Committee.  As a first step, we are proposing to pay our Study Group Lead $500 per month to continue organizing and running these sessions for the membership.  

### Operating Committee
#### Committee Members
Up to this point, Operating Committee roles have been unpaid.  We believe that in order to encourage active participation and strategic leadership, we should pay a small stipend to compensate OC members for their time.  We are proposing a budget of $200 per Operating Committee member for attending regular strategic discussions and participating on the multisig.  This will be only applicable for 7 of the 9 OC members (not to include the Operator and Assistant Operator).

#### Operator Compensation
The Operator holds the highest level of accountability for the DAO and is entrusted with many of the administrative responsibilities on behalf of LexDAO.  As a result we are proposing a raise in monthly pay to $4000 to help compensate for the time and energy that goes into the day to day management of the organization.

#### Assistant Operator
We are proposing a pay increase for the Assistant Operator to $2000 per month for ongoing work supporting the Operator.

#### General Counsel
There is a growing need for dedicated legal support to manage risk mitigation and contractual structures for the DAO both internally and externally.  While we have not yet formalized the role, we are allocating a budget of $2900 per month for the potential filling of a General Counsel position.  The structure of this role will be presented to the DAO at a later date.

### Operating Committee Tech Budget
This is a miscelaneous budget allocated to the OC to use for the purposes of technology and systems needed to maintain the DAO infrastructure.  This includes the website servers, Google Drive, domains, and any other technology critical to ensuring we have a platform and presence digitally.  The proposal is $200 per month.

### Accounting Fees
The DAO needs to file taxes and requires professional services to support its fiduciary responsibilities.  We are proposing a budget of $600 to pay for the necessary filings.

### Miscellaneous Administrative Costs
To ensure that we can make regular decisions related to immediate needs of the DAO without managing a member vote, the Operating Committee is proposing a standing miscellaneous budget of $6000 (in total).  We are expecting to spend no more than $1000 per month for Administrative expenses.
