# Executive Summary
<!-- as per gitbook [page](https://gitbook.lexdao.net/untitled/grants-committee-charter/grant-proposals) -->

<!-- these are not necessarily exclusive -->
[ ] Reimburse 

[x] Request - Grants Committee to identify a law firm legal engineer as one of the interviewees to inspire members as to career path. May also be possible sponsor (i've already given @SourSummer7 task of interviewing one external legal engineer)

[x] Roadtrip - may send Work 4 Membership on outside quest (Bankless subDAO)

----
<details><summary>Working 4 Membership (W4M) Trackng in partner DAOs</summary>
LexDAO has built up relationships with other DAOs but the role of ambassaDAO has lapsed. This is a strawman proposal to get discussion underway of how to revitalise the ambassaDAO initiative.
</details>

# Problem Statement

A few years back the teasury got airdropped a number of tokens from other DAOs, from memory the one that comes to mind is ENS. We gave an undertaking at the time to vote consciously for the public good. We have not kept our side with the lapse of the ambassaDAO role due to LEETHodlers migrating to Kali or RWAC. Either LexDAO:

[ ] return tokens with apologies unable to fufil our civic responsibilites

[ ] add as part of W4M (the more senior l'externs) the role of ambassaDAO-trainee with expectation that the 15 hrs is to attend their community meetings and file a report on how the voting went on significant issues

[ ] find an alternative way of formal exchanges with other DAOs separate to personal relationships

# Working 4 Membership

I have started accepting / negotiating / offering W4M tasks, to date

1. (accepted) @SourSummer7 lvl 2.x bard = 15 hrs converting a 70s law sitcom for the hackathon + interviewing prior LEETHs
   - the only deadline is by start of hackathon so that's 4x15min (mentor) 
   - + 5 (eP'perTaste - try to get the essence of law into a few electronic bites) +
   - + [1-3] x 3hr interview {prep, interview, post-prod) =
   - = 15 hrs over 4 wks? Is this not too oppressive timeiwise?
2. (withdrawn) ~~@daolexa~~ - lvl 1 rogue on legal duties within DAO (generic)
3. (offer) - may be sent to a Mexico DAO
4. Tasks in establishing the hackathon eg guest passes
5. Deploying sourceCred for passive discord activity background
6. several legal research assignments for monthly magazine
7. Cross-training with token-engineers in basic legal philosophy
