Proposals/2024-04-05_LexPlay Hackathon (CaptureFlag).md, before:

# Executive Summary
<!-- as per gitbook [page](https://gitbook.lexdao.net/untitled/grants-committee-charter/grant-proposals) -->

<!-- these are not necessarily exclusive -->

[ ] Reimburse - IP acquisition costs 💵200 [^1] 

[ ] Request - 💵30 time critical items (requiring [shipping](https://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/code-lawrence-lessig/1125858146)) for early May hackathon to meet submission (due \\{color{red}6 June}}) [^2]

[x] Raid () - [Hackathon early May](https://github.com/drllau/hackathon-)
<!-- for non-raids you can ignore the details and just have summary lines -->

[ ] Roadtrip (bDAO ¿TBC?) - establish relationship with other DAOs by secondment, exchange or UJV. Headsup that there may be an influx of members jumping ship

[ ] Rollover (n/a)

<details>
<summary>USPTO has made fundamental error in facts and flawed reasoning in law</summary>

![image](https://github.com/lexDAO/LexDAO-Official-Policies/assets/14944510/08edc08e-0d21-4378-9567-17ac7a5ca93a)


The target audience is decision makers on RetroPGF whilst beneficiaries are the public at large. Hence their search domain ignored the cryptopunk subculture where LexDAO has symbolic, suggestive, and functional traits.
![image](https://github.com/lexDAO/DAO-Proposals/assets/14944510/05bb959d-b1ec-41df-a364-4a85659cbf9b)

</details>

| Raid role | Tentative squab |
|-----------|-----------------|
| Seeker    | @drllau (lvl5- scout) @dclark (lvl3- illusionist) @cimply (lvl 3+ paladin) |
| Sponsor   | Talent/Press Gang |
| Supervisor | ~~(@mentor)~~ due to strategic imperative, oversight by OC direct|
| ~~0xSplits~~ | link to smart contract |
<!-- remove the ~~ if any of the options apply, supervisor for (l)externs -->

# LexDAO as Community Trustmark

## Problem Statement

As per constitution, legal engineer as distinct skillset from _cyberlaw_ practice or _legal technologist_. Currently LexDAO is seen as niche and thus underappreciated (low profile in public goods funding). The #find-a-lawyer channel is getting much lower activity than during COVID and we haven't replaced the talent pool that spunout into KaliDAO.

Community Trustmark [^3] an internationally recognised standard of competency and reliable expertise. Aspiration is within 5-7 years to have LEETH holders to be viewed within client's mind as akin to chartered practising accountant (CPA) and LexDAO the (sole?) leading certification agency (perhaps in conjunction with Token Engineering Community).
![image](https://github.com/lexDAO/DAO-Proposals/assets/14944510/be835e2c-7f58-4706-beb3-6c6f19c5e71e)

<details>
<summary>Legal ownership of the international trademark</summary>
1. USPTO registered trademark

2. WIPO Madrid submission under LexDAO LLC

3. Sale/license-back DAO LLC ↔ (Wyoming) LexDAO
</details>

<details>
<summary>Incentive for mentorship leading to certification</summary><br>
Law firms have summer internship and courts clerkship. As a **practice**, we should expose members to web3 processes via the mentor-apprenticeship model and peer recognition of skills. As we can't offer salary nor significance (in administrating justice), we default to satisfaction in being on peripheral of emerging institutions (Ethereum Cat Herder standards formation) or exposure to thought leadership (Ross Ricardian contracts). We also need to point out the demand for H-shaped skills by cultivating a talent pipeline (which law firms can outsource tasks) or a safe haven for transitional members to build up solo-practices (rogue gallery) with priority referral in #find-a-lawyer channel. 
</details>

### USPTO has refused LexDAO wordmark on grounds of being descriptive

<details>
<summary>xref USPTO commentary and RfQ</summary><br>
- timeline is tight (6 Jun hard as extension already granted)
	
- need sale/licenseback from Ross,
- 
- ratification from LEETH holders (75% supramajority)
</details>

### Crowdsource response for 3(of 5) arms 
<details>
<summary>xref RfQ</summary><br>
- easier to forcefeed legal philosophy to mid-age developers than teach coding;
	
- arms race in AI acquisition will strand laggard law firms
- 
- seek sponsorship from existing law firms with Legal Engineering practice
</details>

### Master Hackathon: DUNA standing under Wyoming and TMEM 2(f) Collective Mark

<details>
<summary>multiple individual marks via unicode variations but font masking</summary>
<br>

LexDAO (without fancy emoji) as a umbrella IP for arbitrary pods.
Members obtaining LEETH-a| (1st gen bar-rogue, 2nd gen neo-class)

- current good practice is a Panama combined foundation + company
- functionally equivalent to DUNA + offshore "Office" (rep/proj Office)
- Corporate Transparency Act does not apply to DUNA - run subsequent HOW2 reflag hackathons
- opportunity to host conversation wrt grandfathering in LEETH and new skill-tree
</details>

> [!CAUTION]
> This assumes that the benefits of being DUNA outweighs the detriments of remaining UNA


### Task Breakdown
Seeking EOI to participate as

1. l'externs working for membership as one of 3 teams;
2. Mentor to mock-play senior counsel on the BountyBoard;
3. paid up member wishing to relook anew at constitution 0.2 -> constitution 0.3 

### Assumptions

1. Need minimum of 6 l'externs, pref 3-5 per team = ~12-15 (no dropouts) max 50 (incl guests)
2. At least 2-3 mentors willing to answer questions (remotely) over weekend
3. The constitution is relatively straight-forward to convert (Member, Letter, Office)

> [!WARNING]
> What assumptions if proven wrong will lead to abandonment

## Project
## Proposal

### Task Breakdown
<!-- Graphic form is easier to grok, details in github project-->
[Example](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/creating-diagrams)
	License-back grandfathers existing LEETHs ... Ross emeritus status? (Lvl 5 Cryptowizard) 
	stewardship of github repos to come under LexDAO (copyright)
	token subsidy wrt KaliDAO
	Control rights over various lex-tokens to Ops as trustee 
	Change of 2FA emails on various social media (and closure if Comms sos decide)

Profile existing LEETH holders and their skills tree as inspiration to members
	1 rogue portrait per month in newsletter
	interview - perhaps a task for (l)externs in work for membership
	ask to nominate best 3 work in legal engineering
	custom-made LexDAO badge

### Outcomes + Key Results 

+ Culture build - assist in target of 250 paid-up members (conversion of guests)
  + Retrospective of early legacy of LexDAO by new l'externs
  + Refactor brand imagery amongst the technical cryto community
  + Reaffirm relationship with leXpunK Army and Token Engineering Community (amicus brief)
+ Sustainability
  + reduce risk - legal validator node for secondary personal trademark registry (delegated) and act as steward for *-engineering 
  + increase income - Master Hackathon to be reused for private DAOs to resettle in Wyoming (convergence)
  + constrain costs Tap into pool of hackers/programmers willing to work for membership to automate Ops (reduce burnout)

> [!TIP]
> Just link to the the pertinent feedback/comment

Wyoming Statutes
Title 17 - CORPORATIONS, PARTNERSHIPS AND ASSOCIATIONS
Chapter 32 - WYOMING DECENTRALIZED UNINCORPORATED NONPROFIT ASSOCIATION ACT
Section 17-32-101 - Short title
Section 17-32-102 - Definitions
Section 17-32-103 - Governing law; territorial application
Section 17-32-104 - Profits; prohibitions on distributions and dividends; compensation and other permitted payments
Section 17-32-105 - Real and personal property; decentralized unincorporated nonprofit association as beneficiary, legatee or devisee
Section 17-32-106 - Statement of authority as to real property
Section 17-32-107 - Liability in tort or contract
Section 17-32-108 - Capacity to assert and defend; standing
Section 17-32-109 - Effect of judgement or order
Section 17-32-110 - Appointment of agent to receive service of process
Section 17-32-111 - Summons and complaint; service on whom
Section 17-32-112 - Claim not abated by change of members, administrators or persons authorized
Section 17-32-113 - Venue
Section 17-32-114 - Perpetual existence, dissolution, continuation of existence
Section 17-32-115 - Admission, suspension, dismissal or expulsion of members
Section 17-32-116 - Member resignation
Section 17-32-117 - Duties of members
Section 17-32-118 - Member has no agency powers
Section 17-32-119 - Member interests transferable
Section 17-32-120 - Approval by members
Section 17-32-121 - Utilization of distributed ledger technology
Section 17-32-122 - Consensus formation algorithms and governance process
Section 17-32-123 - Selection of administrators; rights and duties of administrators
Section 17-32-124 - Right to inspect records
Section 17-32-125 - Indemnification; advancement of expenses
Section 17-32-126 - Winding up; termination
Section 17-32-127 - Mergers
Section 17-32-128 - Conversion of entities
Section 17-32-129 - Supplemental principles of law
```

> [!WARNING]
> Certification of LEETH holders not accepted by industry, academia, etc

### Deliverables and Timeline

| Date | Deliverable |
| ---- | ----------- |
| Apr 10 | Review for Ops |
| Apr 12 | GC committee approval |

> ![IMPORTANT]
> I've tried to keep this within the OC discretionary budget as I expect that additional hackathons may be run for corporate entities once the DUNA legislation becomes more settled.


### Resources

|Amount | Purpose |
|-------|---------|
| 150	| Acquisition of Chippi NFT |
| 20	| Acquisition of robot cartoon |
| 30 	| Work4hire of various imagery (Act I) backdrop |
|-------|---------|
| 30	| Lessig book as prize for best mentor |
| 

[^1]: Acquistion of Chippi as theme for leXpunk style dungeon crawl
[^2]: Missing a person to acquire Lessig's signature

Commit message:

Update 2024-04-05_LexPlay Hackathon (CaptureFlag).md
example of hackMD as dual screen to transition to hackMD

Proposals/2024-04-05_LexPlay Hackathon (CaptureFlag).md, after:

# Executive Summary
<!-- as per gitbook [page](https://gitbook.lexdao.net/untitled/grants-committee-charter/grant-proposals) -->

<!-- these are not necessarily exclusive -->

[ ] Reimburse - IP acquisition costs 💵200 [^1] 

[ ] Request - 💵30 time critical items (requiring [shipping](https://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/code-lawrence-lessig/1125858146)) for early May hackathon to meet submission (due \\{color{red}6 June}}) [^2]

[x] Raid () - [Hackathon early May](https://github.com/drllau/hackathon-)
<!-- for non-raids you can ignore the details and just have summary lines -->

[ ] Roadtrip (bDAO ¿TBC?) - establish relationship with other DAOs by secondment, exchange or UJV. Headsup that there may be an influx of members jumping ship

[ ] Rollover (n/a)

<details>
<summary>USPTO has made fundamental error in facts and flawed reasoning in law</summary>

![image](https://github.com/lexDAO/LexDAO-Official-Policies/assets/14944510/08edc08e-0d21-4378-9567-17ac7a5ca93a)


The target audience is decision makers on RetroPGF whilst beneficiaries are the public at large. Hence their search domain ignored the cryptopunk subculture where LexDAO has symbolic, suggestive, and functional traits.
![image](https://github.com/lexDAO/DAO-Proposals/assets/14944510/05bb959d-b1ec-41df-a364-4a85659cbf9b)

</details>

| Raid role | Tentative squab |
|-----------|-----------------|
| Seeker    | @drllau (lvl5- scout) @dclark (lvl3- illusionist) @cimply (lvl 3+ paladin) |
| Sponsor   | Talent/Press Gang |
| Supervisor | ~~(@mentor)~~ due to strategic imperative, oversight by OC direct|
| ~~0xSplits~~ | link to smart contract |
<!-- remove the ~~ if any of the options apply, supervisor for (l)externs -->

# LexDAO as Community Trustmark

## Problem Statement

As per constitution, legal engineer as distinct skillset from _cyberlaw_ practice or _legal technologist_. Currently LexDAO is seen as niche and thus underappreciated (low profile in public goods funding). The #find-a-lawyer channel is getting much lower activity than during COVID and we haven't replaced the talent pool that spunout into KaliDAO.

Community Trustmark [^3] an internationally recognised standard of competency and reliable expertise. Aspiration is within 5-7 years to have LEETH holders to be viewed within client's mind as akin to chartered practising accountant (CPA) and LexDAO the (sole?) leading certification agency (perhaps in conjunction with Token Engineering Community).
![image](https://github.com/lexDAO/DAO-Proposals/assets/14944510/be835e2c-7f58-4706-beb3-6c6f19c5e71e)

<details>
<summary>Legal ownership of the international trademark</summary>
1. USPTO registered trademark

2. WIPO Madrid submission under LexDAO LLC

3. Sale/license-back DAO LLC ↔ (Wyoming) LexDAO
</details>

<details>
<summary>Incentive for mentorship leading to certification</summary><br>
Law firms have summer internship and courts clerkship. As a **practice**, we should expose members to web3 processes via the mentor-apprenticeship model and peer recognition of skills. As we can't offer salary nor significance (in administrating justice), we default to satisfaction in being on peripheral of emerging institutions (Ethereum Cat Herder standards formation) or exposure to thought leadership (Ross Ricardian contracts). We also need to point out the demand for H-shaped skills by cultivating a talent pipeline (which law firms can outsource tasks) or a safe haven for transitional members to build up solo-practices (rogue gallery) with priority referral in #find-a-lawyer channel. 
</details>

### USPTO has refused LexDAO wordmark on grounds of being descriptive

<details>
<summary>xref USPTO commentary and RfQ</summary><br>
- timeline is tight (6 Jun hard as extension already granted)
	
- need sale/licenseback from Ross,
- 
- ratification from LEETH holders (75% supramajority)
</details>

### Crowdsource response for 3(of 5) arms 
<details>
<summary>xref RfQ</summary><br>
- easier to forcefeed legal philosophy to mid-age developers than teach coding;
	
- arms race in AI acquisition will strand laggard law firms
- 
- seek sponsorship from existing law firms with Legal Engineering practice
</details>

### Master Hackathon: DUNA standing under Wyoming and TMEM 2(f) Collective Mark

<details>
<summary>multiple individual marks via unicode variations but font masking</summary>
<br>

LexDAO (without fancy emoji) as a umbrella IP for arbitrary pods.
Members obtaining LEETH-a| (1st gen bar-rogue, 2nd gen neo-class)

- current good practice is a Panama combined foundation + company
- functionally equivalent to DUNA + offshore "Office" (rep/proj Office)
- Corporate Transparency Act does not apply to DUNA - run subsequent HOW2 reflag hackathons
- opportunity to host conversation wrt grandfathering in LEETH and new skill-tree
</details>

> [!CAUTION]
> This assumes that the benefits of being DUNA outweighs the detriments of remaining UNA


### Task Breakdown
Seeking EOI to participate as

1. l'externs working for membership as one of 3 teams;
2. Mentor to mock-play senior counsel on the BountyBoard;
3. paid up member wishing to relook anew at constitution 0.2 -> constitution 0.3 

### Assumptions

1. Need minimum of 6 l'externs, pref 3-5 per team = ~12-15 (no dropouts) max 50 (incl guests)
2. At least 2-3 mentors willing to answer questions (remotely) over weekend
3. The constitution is relatively straight-forward to convert (Member, Letter, Office)

> [!WARNING]
> What assumptions if proven wrong will lead to abandonment

## Project
## Proposal

### Task Breakdown
<!-- Graphic form is easier to grok, details in github project-->
[Example](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/creating-diagrams)
	License-back grandfathers existing LEETHs ... Ross emeritus status? (Lvl 5 Cryptowizard) 
	stewardship of github repos to come under LexDAO (copyright)
	token subsidy wrt KaliDAO
	Control rights over various lex-tokens to Ops as trustee 
	Change of 2FA emails on various social media (and closure if Comms sos decide)

Profile existing LEETH holders and their skills tree as inspiration to members
	1 rogue portrait per month in newsletter
	interview - perhaps a task for (l)externs in work for membership
	ask to nominate best 3 work in legal engineering
	custom-made LexDAO badge

### Outcomes + Key Results 

+ Culture build - assist in target of 250 paid-up members (conversion of guests)
  + Retrospective of early legacy of LexDAO by new l'externs
  + Refactor brand imagery amongst the technical cryto community
  + Reaffirm relationship with leXpunK Army and Token Engineering Community (amicus brief)
+ Sustainability
  + reduce risk - legal validator node for secondary personal trademark registry (delegated) and act as steward for *-engineering 
  + increase income - Master Hackathon to be reused for private DAOs to resettle in Wyoming (convergence)
  + constrain costs Tap into pool of hackers/programmers willing to work for membership to automate Ops (reduce burnout)
+ Scribe lvl 2.0 skill uplifting
  + use of markdown (via googleDoc)
  + transfer to hackMD (dual screen)
  + push to github and progressively familiarise
![image](https://github.com/lexDAO/DAO-Proposals/assets/14944510/34d8a39a-3fd1-4819-80ea-967e71193bac)
 
> [!TIP]
> Just link to the the pertinent feedback/comment

Wyoming Statutes
Title 17 - CORPORATIONS, PARTNERSHIPS AND ASSOCIATIONS
Chapter 32 - WYOMING DECENTRALIZED UNINCORPORATED NONPROFIT ASSOCIATION ACT
Section 17-32-101 - Short title
Section 17-32-102 - Definitions
Section 17-32-103 - Governing law; territorial application
Section 17-32-104 - Profits; prohibitions on distributions and dividends; compensation and other permitted payments
Section 17-32-105 - Real and personal property; decentralized unincorporated nonprofit association as beneficiary, legatee or devisee
Section 17-32-106 - Statement of authority as to real property
Section 17-32-107 - Liability in tort or contract
Section 17-32-108 - Capacity to assert and defend; standing
Section 17-32-109 - Effect of judgement or order
Section 17-32-110 - Appointment of agent to receive service of process
Section 17-32-111 - Summons and complaint; service on whom
Section 17-32-112 - Claim not abated by change of members, administrators or persons authorized
Section 17-32-113 - Venue
Section 17-32-114 - Perpetual existence, dissolution, continuation of existence
Section 17-32-115 - Admission, suspension, dismissal or expulsion of members
Section 17-32-116 - Member resignation
Section 17-32-117 - Duties of members
Section 17-32-118 - Member has no agency powers
Section 17-32-119 - Member interests transferable
Section 17-32-120 - Approval by members
Section 17-32-121 - Utilization of distributed ledger technology
Section 17-32-122 - Consensus formation algorithms and governance process
Section 17-32-123 - Selection of administrators; rights and duties of administrators
Section 17-32-124 - Right to inspect records
Section 17-32-125 - Indemnification; advancement of expenses
Section 17-32-126 - Winding up; termination
Section 17-32-127 - Mergers
Section 17-32-128 - Conversion of entities
Section 17-32-129 - Supplemental principles of law
```

> [!WARNING]
> Certification of LEETH holders not accepted by industry, academia, etc

### Deliverables and Timeline

| Date | Deliverable |
| ---- | ----------- |
| Apr 10 | Review for Ops |
| Apr 12 | GC committee approval |

> ![IMPORTANT]
> I've tried to keep this within the OC discretionary budget as I expect that additional hackathons may be run for corporate entities once the DUNA legislation becomes more settled.


### Resources

|Amount | Purpose |
|-------|---------|
| 150	| Acquisition of Chippi NFT |
| 20	| Acquisition of robot cartoon |
| 30 	| Work4hire of various imagery (Act I) backdrop |
|-------|---------|
| 30	| Lessig book as prize for best mentor |
| 

[^1]: Acquistion of Chippi as theme for leXpunk style dungeon crawl
[^2]: Missing a person to acquire Lessig's signature
